COMP 112 Final Project:  Oren Finard

Score: 19/20

Ambition:  3/3

How ambitious was the intended final product, based on the prospectus,
documentation, and/or discussions with me?  Did you achieve all of
the goals?

The project outlined is an ambitious one, using sophisticated
image analysis techniques along with ideas for optimizing those techniques.
You have gone beyond the original idea, implementing *two* circle-detection
algorithms.  You also describe and implement a very nice approach to
minimizing the computation for the HT.  Also looks like you implemented
some extra functionality.

Documentation:  2.5/3

Clarity, completeness, etc.  Describes how to use the program.  Has
code overview, addresses issues and extensions.

Documentation is solid.  Clearly describes theoretical basis for
both algorithms, and gives reference material for the one that
we did not discuss together.  Describes how to use the program and
extensions.  Would have liked a bit of comparison between the two
algorithms.

Usability:  4/4

Does the program run as expected?  Are there any bugs that occur
when I am using it, or strange unexplained behavior?  How friendly
is the user interface or function signatures, as appropriate?

The program runs as expected.  Presumably the information provided
is in the pixel coordinate system, not the real-world system.
Would have been helpful to have more files to try this out on, as
I don't quite have time to make many pictures myself.  But it looks
like the HT works better on the supplied pic08.bmp than the
LSC algorithm, even though the former only hits <10% of the actual
pixels.

Coding:  9/10

How complex is the coding task and the actual coding?  Does the
code demonstrate knowledge of things (modules, techniques, etc.)
not covered in class?  Is the coding well-done?  Is the code
appropriately broken into functions?  Functions documented?
Appropriate data types used?  Appropriate algorithms?

The difficulty in the coding task is going from the sketch of the
algorithm to the actual code.  The code clearly demonstrates that
you have learned how to make that transition.

The code could be a bit cleaner.  There are many very long lines that
should be broken up, and some commented out "scratch work" that shouldn't
be part of a final product.  Some comments around various code blocks
inside functions would be helpful; even knowing the HT myself, it isn't
so obvious to me reading your code where the voting is occurring.
I think that's because of the optimizations you are making, which
might be getting mixed up a bit with the HT itself.

I think your functions could probably be separated out differently.
You have a function that both performs the HT analysis, and modifies
the image; this should probably be separate functions, so that you don't
always have to modify an image if all you want is the information about
the BFC.

